Added script command mesitemlink (#7565)
rathena/rathena: doc/script_commands.txt

	<ITEM>Display Name<INFO>Item ID</INFO></ITEM>

> We therefore created a script command "mesitemlink" that allows you to create the correct syntax
> depending on your configured packet version and we recommend that you use this script command
> instead of hardcoding the HTML tags. For more details see the script command documentation later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We therefore created script command "mesitemlink" that allows you to create the correct syntax
depending on your configured packet version. We recommend that you use this script command
instead of hardcoding the HTML-like tags. For more details see the documentation for "mesitemlink".
```

RandomIDArray, RandomValueArray, and RandomParamArray only works if the
client (and server) supports the Item Random Options feature (PACKETVER >= 20150225).

---------------------------------------

> *mesitemlink(<item_id>);

Reviewer 2: Sometimes the displayed string is slightly different from the item name, for example
`<ITEM>["+.@new_item_name$+"]<INFO>" + .@new_item + "</INFO></ITEM>` in
https://github.com/rathena/rathena/pull/7565/files#diff-27beaaf26bd00dd9ba1e06e40bda9b99ffe6ae850d3f2fdb4f5dc9cfaefb8386R28
How about
```suggestion
*mesitemlink(<item_id>,{<string displayed>});
```

RandomIDArray, RandomValueArray, and RandomParamArray only works if the
client (and server) supports the Item Random Options feature (PACKETVER >= 20150225).

---------------------------------------

*mesitemlink(<item_id>{,<use_brackets>{,<display_name>});

> Generates an itemlink string for an item and can be used for NPC's mes command.
> The NPC message will show the item's name and it will be clickable and open the
> item description on client side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generates an itemlink string for an item and can be used with NPC's mes command.
The NPC message will show the item's name which will be clickable and opens the
item description client side.
```

> By default the link will be surrounded by brackets, but you can disable the brackets by

Reviewer 2: (it seems useless but I like when it's explicit)
```suggestion
By default (true) the link will be surrounded by brackets, but you can disable the brackets by
```

> By default <use_brackets> is true and the link will be surrounded by brackets, but you can disable the brackets by
> calling the function with <use_brackets> set to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default <use_brackets> is true which surrounds the link with brackets. Send false to disable.
```

By default the link will be created with the name of the item stored in the item database,

> but in some places it might be necessary to overwrite the <display_name> with something else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but in some cases it might be necessary to overwrite the <display_name> with something else.
```

Examples:

	mes mesitemlink( 1201 ); // Will display "[Knife]" and will be clickable. If clicked it opens the description for Knife [3]
	mes "Bring me a " + mesitemlink( 1201 ) + "."; // Will display "Bring me a [Knife]." and "[Knife]" will be clickable.
	mes "Bring me a " + mesitemlink( 1201, false ) + "."; // Will display "Bring me a Knife." and "Knife" will be clickable.

> 	mes "Bring me a " + mesitemlink( 1201, false, "Super cutting knife" ) + "."; // Will display "Bring me a [Super cutting knife]." and "[Super cutting knife]" will be clickable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	mes "Bring me a " + mesitemlink( 1201, true, "Super cutting knife" ) + "."; // Will display "Bring me a [Super cutting knife]." and "[Super cutting knife]" will be clickable.
```
